So when he complete the data center cluster you can't see it's from displays or whatever you need to
go to the store right.
And then you see we have a data store cluster and if you remember when we was in Morocco data center
we see the different store that was the 1 2 and 3.
Then do lunch one and lunch.
No the loved one and learn to become inside the store cluster.
Seat lunch and lunch.
Inside do cluster of the datastore we can't see that our stock was up on display.
We only see it from here and from this place you can create are a data store cluster as the same as
we did into one.
So when we click onto datastore cluster you see a quick overview of it.
The monitor and do coffee.
And here we have some simple configuration do start with DNS as you see here fully automated then the
different option used the cluster sieging the input output metric and some other option.
Do other then one by one.
How do you see the default of an e-ticket VM decie together by default.
This is the default one.
If you remember the VM decie of every virtual machine that by default created in the same spot then
check in balance every eight hours.
That's mean.
Every hour we'll check in balance for our store because the store had a big file.
When we talk about the stores dearest we talk about big size do files for the virtual machine have five
or ten gigabytes of stars on a machine have wondered about or not.
So it is impossible to keep a chicken do that.
I thought every minute or second it is illogical.
You need to wait about eight hours to check do new information from the data store and decide if we
need to make a migration off of our storage from a should it's just another sheet it's.
And some other option of course you can get it from.
Right.
Had the same automated etc but as this is need 8 hour.
So the stores will take action after each hour.
He will check the different line and take action.
After about a tout and we see the storage emotion start automatically but of course we want wait an
hour.
So we have the VM override if we want to overwrite something that your machine.
And we have some rules.
So let's create some room to see our life example of the storage the emotion.
So we click out then we enable of course we need to enable the route that we want and we have VM Aunty
affinity.
Let's start with DVM and Jaffee that's meant on virtual disk of the listed that your machine should
be plus it on different store.
And we click on the right hand and check the difference between machines that we have and the data store
that's used.
So head to the rule say anti affinity.
That's me.
This virtual machine should not be started with a modern virtual machine or maybe the virtual machine
will never started in one shaded storage.
So for that if we check what is on plan 1 how Windows 7 Number 2 and Windows 7 Number 3 and I want to
go to those Windows 7 Number one because it halved the operating system and this virtual machine have
a size about 8 gigabytes.
And we'll take a lot of time to migrate the start of this machine from land want to.
So we're going to do Windows 7.
Number two and Windows 7.
Number three that's have a small size.
So the condition that we write here is the virtual machine of Windows 7 of the number two and three
should be in the front storage or indifferent lot like that.
So the idea that we want the virtual machine number two and virtual machine.
But we always have Auntie affinity of the different story.
So we click OK no it should stop our story as Mission migration to migrate to the virtual machine 2
or 3 from the land one to mother land the land that is available is land number two.
If you are in a land three or four who will decide which one shawled has this vitriol machine.
So let's just give it a little time and this room will start applying chose the other rule.
We like that VM Dickie affinity virtual machine you need to choose only one virtual machine you can
chose to Vitry in Washington in the in decie onto affinity because of the decie is at the level of vitriol
machine.
So you see Windows 7.
Number three it's migrated from LAN one to land.
If we check the data right here migrate win 7 Number three front is excited the last one is x.
I treat land all in Oracle.
So the rule work perfectly émigrés the stars and you see it's about 100 percent because the harddrive
of this virtual machine is about three megabytes.
So it happened quickly.
If we do this route on the Windows 7 Number one the top two operation system it will take about 1 hour
to complete the process.
So we're back to the other group the VM decay Auntie affinity.
Let's me this action happen.
Abdula get a virtual machine.
So we chose only one virtual machine.
If you remember the virtual machine and BR3 have to driver click OK.
So you see the hard drive and hard drive and number two Sinixt up list to get to VM decie sort see like
that.
No we can complete the process if we only want to detect at least two virtual disk.
So we need at least two virtual disk and when we create this route that's made it will save our hard
disk number one in our loved one and the hard disk number two in Ireland to the opposite Diskin number
one in the last two and this number two in the last one.
So this is the root of the Dekhi Auntie affinity because by default VM decie created in the same LAN.
If you don't chill's in a run automatically saved the hard disk number one on the hard disk number two
in the same LAN.
So there are no option about affiant it's only about Auntie affinity.
You need to separate them.
So this option we're not going to do it because it we have a week this one day if we back to the virtual
machine.
And as the sim right hand we click on it and we chose to do stitching.
Of course you remember the seating of every video machine we have a job that's it is called DNS that's
mean stylized the there is no it is enable and you see the storage room that is connected to this material
machine.
We click on it.
And here we have some other new rule available VM decie affinity by default you still have the VM decie
up and it's a cluster of default VM afine to ease keep them together.
I told you from the other place that by default VM were saved do the VM decie at the same LAN.
So here we have the entity VM decie anti affinity.
So we chose local hard drive.
One on the hard or two for the virtual machine.
Then we chose that this hard level should always separated into different shared trash then we have
the VM on the iPhone.
That's mean.
This virtual machine shilled Antti affinity with another machine here automatically chose this one because
we chose the option on this one.
So we click add and add another machine that you want to separate this machine to it from the same last.
This condition is already separated.
We have this one in Law Number two on this white and black number one.
So the route will keep all with any store data as happened in the future we never collected this virtual
machine.
Windows XP and Windows 7 in the same shape it's always keep them in separate slash and VM affinity is
do by default all division machine by default.
Keep them in the same shared storage.
So the same if we chose any of those between machine this one that is bolted on.
So you can't do it from either system or you simply go to config.
And here you have the hardware and VM option and the VM is a direct route.
You can get it right there and chose to add in a rule that you want to do a virtual machine.
So the same.
So this is the different storage DNS option that we have in the rest of the VM world.
So if you have any other situation that you want to discuss with us into a discussion of the course
please share it in due course.
It will be good if you share some screen capture of your lot and let us know the different situations
that you can create start with the press and do rule.
So we'll see you in the next section with another future overdue.
VM we're Bespin.
So thank you.